Rain Meadow
Manage missing regions:
	right now nullrefs because missing referenced resource
	if by transfer someone who is missing things becomes the owner then some resources will be unmanageable
	The more definitive solution seems to be sync/force mod-lists on join

Entities entities entities
	Entity Join/leave should be handshaked, owner can change inbetween
		the "ent-owner-to-room-owner" one, not the owner-to-others broadcast

	handle entities entering shortcuts
	entering/leaving shorcuts should be a room-level event with the coordinate of the damned thing
		could do suckedintoshortcuts and spitoutofshortcut as events and bypass the whole vanilla thing

	handle entities entering dens
		could also be event-based
		would maybe also have to handle the whole switchcase at "the end of the shortcut" when the creature then either enters a den or leaves the room or whatever
	
	handle grasps
		grasps need to be sent around in a similar way entities are
		the biggest problem is: can only send grasps once we've identified all entities involved
		on entity-join, if all connected entities already join, then send grasps?
		how do we handle entity leave from the non-owner side? because an entity that has grasps will try and move many things with it
			how do we even detect that?
		
		if it's things that are moving together maybe the events should be just one event
		"move with grabbed"
		or maybe this should be the default, since ent.move DOES move things together??
		how do I detect things that are being moved together?
			.move is recursive isn't it
			does the absgrasp know of the realgrasp?
	
	just disable grasps for now and crack on with persona-only stuff??
		"I have failed and I'll move on with simpler things"


Mod auto installing / auto disabling
	biggest issue: different region list
		scenario: host that has ABC, guests have AB, BC and CA, host leaves nobody can take over hosting
	oh my
	could use a whitelist maybe
	apply automatically, re-launch and re-join the lobby in question
		arg from the command line to join lobby, also needed for steam's Join feature thing
	bruteforce
	disable all other mods temporarily, store old enabledlist, relaunch with no mods


Imediate todo:

on sleep
	should wait release before enabling the start button

other loaded player dying gameovers

wakeup -> shelter close imediatelly -> starve issue
	solved by other players not triggering?

wakeup -> slow load -> sprite issue
	solved by waiting release?

on load, non-owner still loads saved creatures
	this will be very specific per game mode wont it?
	
sleep screen
	its picking the wrong scug?
	seems to not be happening anymore

On join world, join room
	if entity enter world message arrives after entity enter room message, could this cause a problem?

shortcuts.suckincreature
	IL hook so that player check doesn't trigger for remote
	maybe trigger when playing as other creatures

only list lobbies of supported game type

since moved from hook on ctor for stuff added to world, initial populations isn't picking up
	might need to think through the "on den" situation and related hooks
	
on room load
	we dont know who owner is going to be, can't decide who's the host

world entity hookery correctness
	
debug why lease messages so big, make it print out size and isdelta

on p2 talking to p1 about a resource that p1 has fully unloaded, p1 nullrefs and doesn't give p2 any answers.
	p1 should answer total failure
	or p2 should timeout the request
	or request from p2 should detect it was ackd but not answered
