
what are the player-player interactions?
- spot eachother
- greet eachother
- greet others
- decide on what to do
	- likely want to go somewhere, what other options
	- echo-hunting
	- go to one of the extremes of the map
		- pebbles, moon, SI or Depths
	- games
		- hide and seek
- decide on where to go
	- a direction, a landmark, something unambiguous
	- anywhere
	- follow me, follow the leader

- move together
- spot things, comment on things
- tell others to come over here
- tell others to go back, not come

handholding
	would be so nice to grab cicada be carried by liz etc etc
	"it's of uttermost importance to me that one cannot troll others with this"
	either:
		- invite and accept-to-be-held; or
		- be grabbed by, with no consequences
			you are not heavier nor locked out of anything, no downsides
			Sky has both, with the invite system, but also the "follow"->"hold hand"

creature todo
- can get stuck
	some rooms will get fixed
		eventually :tm:
- allow creature to change the creature-pipe they're going to mid-flight (very low prio)
- need to sample color of creature and have it in skindata
	- requires final-ish seeds

lizard todo
blues have trouble sticking to the ceiling
blues have trouble climbing/pathing ledges

scav todo
- hands look silly when walking on falsefloor
- point things

slugcat in meadow mode
- point things

squidcicada todo
button for spin/dance ?

eggbug
	pick seeds and names

noot
	pick seeds and names

lantermouse
	seeds and names

controller-disconnedted popup might be inconsistent

visualize selected skin
	will get color previews once all seeds are picked and sampled

tint implementation missing in most creatures

"creature emotions" need addressing
lizards shouldn't open mouth to bite
rats shouldn't panic

emote keybind not rebindable
does it need to be its own or would GRAB be ok?
	depends on what switches pages
	on controler right side gets busy?

sandbox unlock items still present in meadow lmao

passage but the map isn't saving

following others around is hard
	need map implemented
	could use pipes flashing colors if room inhabited
	player list on passage screen

wormgrass can still eat you (big patches in FA)

echo sky animation is too slow needs to converge

echo reward anim is bad, fade to white is bad, no confetti??

cursor disappears on fullscreen nondevtools etc

wish there was a symbol for outskirts

double jumps out of the water, way too much speed

ds a09, the crawlspace on left, creatures don't snap to crawling in it

ds c03 exist is at water height wont path

creatures not cleared on enter creature pipe
	game clears enteringshortcut so they "abort entering" most of the time?
	could also be that npcdestination is null so they just bounce?

echo tentacle bounces bet screens in long rooms

scav climbpos doesn't sync

need a proper "hide all" ui toggle

emotes go off-screen too often, need to show them in-screen near the creature when possible

seems to happen just too often that creatures don't customize

If you use movement keys (left/right) while leaping, you kill your own momentum even if it's on the direction you are leaping to. If you leap without pressing anything you go further away.  Momentum should be kept when pressing the same direction you are leaping to
todo check this with all creatures, might be solved already

Lantern mouse: They struggle to grab onto poles when jumping, and overall seen hard to walk on horizontal poles. They need to be rail-roaded into poles more strongly, like how lizards/scavengers are

Scavenger: Scavenger's leap seems to only throw you forward if you are at the very edge of a ground. Other creatures can leap from any part of the ground and be launched as normal
recheck, might be solved

General: Tint seems to be having sync issues, people randomly change between the original color of the animal, to their tint color in pure form, to anything in-between (the foo had an example above, they tinted themselves red to look dark orange, but for everyone on the lobby they looked pure red)

QoL: Some sort of display of how the colors should look in-game? The tint system seems to be confusing at first. Nothing too fancy, just a creature symbol that has the main color of the skin, and then applying tint would also apply it to the symbol to show a rough estimate on how it would look!
task: rework into "previewcolor" to make sure we arent accidentally overriding anything, which we might be for scav body tints

toggle collision as a setting

noot gets stuck on water surface, seems to always go left?

add noot emotes

add lanternmouse selectscreen

redo scavenger selectscreen

crashes on entering shelter in meadowmode with msc + remix on

emotes sometimes don't stop fading when new emotes are added

engine thoughts
that one crash notchoc posted about a Destroy related to roomjoin
	so maybe there WAS realized ent duplication and the delete-fallback had side-effects of removing the real deal?

when wolfy crashed on a quick menu-rejoin
	is it possible that the new deactivate stuff prevented state from broadcasting and as such her or her avatar never got kicked?
